Don't shoot FireEye
Who is this? How did he break in?
The person who hurt was Ichiro Okamoto
Famous scientist in the sword country
Swordsmanship in many fields of technology
I heard he's a senior professor at the Island Academy of Sciences
He also held important positions at Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
and
Or the lead designer of this lower bunk phone?
So awesome
Overbearing teacher
He is the president of the famous Island Academy of Sciences
Nobel Prize Winner Saburo Koqun
Wow, that's awesome.
Mr. Zhang Ben, you are finally here
Breeze, you can protect us
Can you protect Mr. Gen?
Shut up you picked up trash hi
Mr. Chen's island country is based on global skills
Micro-data can achieve 70% accuracy
And you can actually predict global natural disasters
Isn't that funny? It's funny.
I'm talking about your insights.
And your little monkey life
Hahahahaha
Fatty Dangben is an expert in Douguo
How dare you talk to him like that
Who wouldn't?
If you have the ability, you can predict and predict
Why not?
Moxie, trust me.
Of course, Dad, I trust you too.
Let's predict now
Then Dad showed them
What a crazy family
Ordinary weather ahead can also predict natural disasters
How is that possible?
Let's forget it, yeah?
The Chinese satellite system is not yet complete
Now this data is very hard to collect.
Forward, obviously these guys are a lot more sober than you are
Hurry up and predict ahead
Why not?